provide more info about beta components (#2750)
patternfly/patternfly-org: beta-component-promotion/promotion-2022.01/beta-promotion-candidates.md

# PatternFly Beta Component Promotion Candidates
## For Release 2022.01

### Back to top
The Back to top component improves ease of navigation. It allows users to programmatically return to the top of the content.

![back-to-top](./img/back-to-top.png)

### Calendar month
A calendar month component allows users to select and navigate between days, months and/or years. This component is usually used with the date picker component, to display date options and selections. 

![calendar-month](./img/calendar-month.png)

### Jump links

> Jump links provide a way to navigate through section headings on a page without scrolling. The highlighted active section changes as the user scrolls to the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A jump links component provides a way to navigate through section headings on a page without scrolling. The highlighted active section changes as the user scrolls to the next section.
```

Reviewer: To make all descriptions consistent, I left some light edits so that they all follow the same structure: "A {{component name}} component"
